📝 Document new gated inputs (#1190)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-gated.md

    <img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/datasets-gated-user-side-dark.png"/>
</div>

> If you want to collect more user information, you can configure additional fields. This information will be accessible from the **Settings** tab. To do so, add an `extra_gated_fields` property to your [dataset card metadata](./datasets-cards#dataset-card-metadata) containing a list of key/value pairs. The *key* is the name of the field and *value* its type or an object with a `type` field. The list of field types is:

Reviewer: Small clarification to avoid confusion

```suggestion
If you want to request more user information to provide access, you can configure additional fields. This information will be accessible from the **Settings** tab. To do so, add an `extra_gated_fields` property to your [dataset card metadata](./datasets-cards#dataset-card-metadata) containing a list of key/value pairs. The *key* is the name of the field and *value* its type or an object with a `type` field. The list of field types is:
```

- `text`: a single-line text field.
- `checkbox`: a checkbox field.
- `date_picker`: a date picker field.
- `country`: a country dropdown. The list of countries is based on the [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2) standard.
- `select`: a dropdown with a list of options. The list of options is defined in the `options` field. Example: `options: ["option 1", "option 2", {label: "option3", value: "opt3"}]`.

> Finally, you can also personalize the message displayed to the user with the `extra_gated_prompt` extra field.

Reviewer 2: I would be opinionated and advertise only the following format in the docs (object with type)
```yaml
Country:
   type: "country"
"Date of Birth":
   type: "date_picker"
"I have read the license":
  type: "checkbox"
"Intended usage":
  type: "select"
   options:
      - label "Academic Research"
        value: "academic"
      - label: "Commercial & For-profit"
        value: "commercial"
      - label: "Personal exclusively"
        value: "personal"
```

Reviewer 3: no strong opinion (given it's maybe a bit more complex to write it that way)

Reviewer 3: ok for me to keep as is

Here is an example of customized request form where the user is asked to provide their company name and country and acknowledge that the dataset is for non-commercial use only.

```yaml
---
extra_gated_prompt: "You agree to not use the dataset to conduct experiments that cause harm to human subjects."
extra_gated_fields:
  Company: text
  Country: country

>   Date of birth: date_picker

Reviewer 3: it's a little privacy-invasive so maybe something else? maybe "Specific date"?
